Terms of Use
===================================

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Netbout.com website and
all content, services and products available at or through the website (later as
the Website). The Website is owned and operated by Netbout.com. The Website is
offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and
conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and
procedures that may be published from time to time on this Website by
Netbout.com (collectively, the "Terms").

Please read this Terms carefully before accessing or using the Website. By
accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to become bound by the
terms and conditions of this document. If you do not agree to all the terms and
conditions of this document, then you may not access the Website or use any
services. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer by Netbout.com,
acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to
individuals who are at least 13 years old.

**Responsibility of Contributors**. If you post messages to the Webiste,
post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or
allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any
such material, "Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and
any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether
the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer
software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

 * the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the
   proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent,
   trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;

 * if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have
   either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available
   the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from
   your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;

 * you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the
   Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to
   end users any required terms;

 * the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan
   horses or other harmful or destructive content;

 * the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence
   towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or
   publicity rights of any third party;

 * you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately
   categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the
   materials, whether requested to do so by Netbout.com or otherwise.

Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Netbout.com has the
right (though not the obligation) to, in Netbout.com’s sole discretion (i)
refuse or remove any content that, in Netbout.com’s reasonable opinion, violates
any Netbout.com policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii)
terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity
for any reason, in Netbout.com’s sole discretion.

**Intellectual Property**. This Terms does not transfer from Netbout.com to you
any Netbout.com or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and
interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely
with Netbout.com. Netbout.com, Netbout, the Netbout.com logo,
and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection
with Netbout.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Netbout.com or Netbout.com’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks,
graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of
other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to
reproduce or otherwise use any Netbout.com or third-party trademarks.

**Termination**. Netbout.com may terminate your access to all or any part of the
Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective
immediately. If you wish to terminate this Terms or your Netbout.com account
(if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website.

**Changes**. Netbout.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify
or replace any part of this Terms. It is your responsibility to check this Terms
periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website
following the posting of any changes to this Terms constitutes acceptance of
those changes. Netbout.com may also, in the future, offer new services and/or
features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and
resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Terms.

**Disclaimer of Warranties**. The Website is provided "as is”. Netbout.com and
its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express
or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Netbout.com nor
its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error
free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re
actually reading this, here’s a treat. You understand that you download from, or
otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion
and risk.

**Limitation of Liability**. In no event will Netbout.com, or its suppliers or
licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under
any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory
for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of
procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use
or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid
by you to Netbout.com under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period
prior to the cause of action. Netbout.com shall have no liability for any
failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing
shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

**General Representation and Warranty**. You represent and warrant that (i) your
use of the Website will be in strict accordance with this Terms and with all
applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or
regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding
online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws
regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or
the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not
infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

**Indemnification**. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Netbout.com, its
contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including
attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not
limited to your violation of this Terms.

**Miscellaneous**. This Terms constitutes the entire agreement between
Netbout.com and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be
modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of
Netbout.com, or by the posting by Netbout.com of a revised version. Except to
the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Terms, any access to
or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of California,
U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any
disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and
federal courts located in San Francisco County, California. Except for claims
for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property
rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a
bond), any dispute arising under this Terms shall be finally settled in
accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration
and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in
accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco,
California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in
any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this
Terms shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Terms
is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the
parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force
and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Terms or
any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition
or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this
Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms
and conditions; Netbout.com may assign its rights under this Terms without
condition. This Terms will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
